# Jobs:
- submissionReportGenerator: generates highly complex analytical report every 30 minutes. The admin who observes submission progress by Organization Unit, Company, submission in last 24 hour etc are some key metrics generated by the job.
- employeeDataPoller: Polls 40 thousand plus employee data with 100+ columns, the API takes 7 minutes to consume the data from external sources and only 2 minutes to process full data set, update database (insert or update on 40 thousand rows) using only  ~300 MB memory on average.
- orgUnitDataPoller: Poll organization structure data , detect change and update data accordingly. 
- newJoiner: detects new joiners and triggers workflow defined for new joiners. 
- openingSoonEmail: Periodically checks if openingSoonEmail Should be triggered. If it's time, triggeres email to ~40 users.
- closingSoonEmail: Periodically checks if closingSoonEmail Should be triggered. If it's time, triggeres email to users who has not done their due diligence in the system. 
- mailSender: sends email
- api: Rest API internally consumed by automation script to validate data and business usecases.

By using golang, we have been able to leverage AWS serverless lambda and delivered all these value to business in less than 10USD per month! The employeeDataPoller, that takes 10 minutes to finish the job, 7 minutes to consume data and only 2 minutes to process the data, push 40,000 changes to RDS, is incredible. The serverless alternative languages NodeJs and Python would time out Lambda 15 min limits. https://github.com/kostya/benchmarks. 

Typically, in PETRONAS, we have tried Talend, Azure Data Factory or AWS GLUE for similiar usecases however, none of the cost is compareable with 10USD/month we are spending here to get the value. 

# Alternative:
- It is possible to try Java, however, it might require JVM tuning or GraalVM approach to fit in runing the jobs within 15 min limit.